[Javascript] Implement boolean-logic concept exercise (#841)
exercism/v3: reference/types/boolean.md

# Boolean

## The Concept

A boolean represents one of two values: `true` or `false`. Logical operators (`!`, `&&`, `||`) are typically used with Boolean values and they return a Boolean value.

## What to cover

Tell a student what a boolean is in your language, what the boolean operators are, how boolean expressions can be build, and ensure they understand where to look for docs on booleans.

> - **Describe how TRUE and FALSE values are represented in your language.** Which is the syntax for representing boolean values? Are booleans objects or primitives?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Describe how TRUE and FALSE values are represented in your language.** What is the syntax for representing boolean values? Are booleans objects or primitives?
```

> - **Describe the operators used for representaing AND, OR and NOT operations.** Which is the syntax of the boolean operators?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Describe the operators used for representing AND, OR and NOT operations.** What is the syntax of the boolean operators?
```

- **How to build boolean expressions?** How to combine boolean values and boolean operators in order to construct logical expressions? What is the precedence of the operators?

## Exercises

### RPG game logic

This exercise lists all the available actions of the main character in a given situation. The reference implementation (Javascript) teaches:

- boolean values

> - boolean operators

Reviewer: It also teaches boolean operator precendence.
